fix validation errors Sub Agents in dashboard and setup Cypress e2e test (#493)
inkeep/agents: .changeset/vast-teeth-yell.md

---
"@inkeep/agents-core": patch
"@inkeep/agents-manage-ui": patch
---

> fix of incorrect validation errors for internal agents vs external agents in Dashboard

Author: ```suggestion
fix of incorrect validation errors for internal sub agents and external sub agents in Dashboard
```
